think it will be no worse by faith
many will die many will kill and
but I promised my boyfriend that we survived
I thought you died where the rest
only we survived sergeant career me
sent to you
already fought
your new home I have never been inside
tank
will you
i started killing the germans in africa now i
I kill them in Germany
fighting alongside these gentlemen
if they pass through you all of us
end
you are our only hope
I do not ask you to do something that did not
would be with
checking communication proudly is hail of norms
have bible eat
come on
perform
ideals can be humane
story never
Soon you will learn everything that I learn about life and
about death is not scary
all will end soon but before many more
people will die
exactly chop pay by gave lesson the day before
this is the best job in
best works best job in the world
they are coming
hundred and three seem
peter vs 300
we never retreated now not
back down
it's not over yet
according to the accepted
rage